Hey, and welcome to the lesson.
In this lesson, we'll extend beyond some of
the basic ideas of web services we went over previously.
We'll help you build some extra functionality into
your private blockchain that helps you work with digital assets.
You'll learn to encode and decode these assets,
which will allow you to post them as data and a new block on the blockchain.
But why would you want to do this?
Well, first, our blockchain is currently limited
to storing basic values to help validate transactions.
But using these same core concepts with just some added functionality,
we can extend this idea of validating ownership to digital assets like png,
jpeg, mp3s, and more.
To get there we'll start by learning
a few new concepts like what exactly a digital asset is,
what encoding and decoding are,
and then you'll get some practice doing this for yourself in Node.js.
On top of learning these new ideas,
our goal is to help prepare you to complete the next project.
There, you'll extend the functionality of your private blockchain to
include the ability to notarize digital documents for yourself.
For more details, you can read through some of
the text we've placed down below the video,
and when you're ready, we'll see you in the next section.